CS360 23EW3
Mobile Architecture and Programming

For this course I designed and developed the base code for a mobile application. The app I chose to develop was meant to be an inventory control app, which would display information about the current inventory of some kind of warehouse. The app was meant to allow users to see and quickly edit the items in the inventory, and add or remove items in the inventory. I accomplished this by designing several screens for the app. Starting with the login screen, which simply displayed the username and password boxes, and allowed the user to add themselves to the users database. Next, we have the main screen of the app, which displays the current inventory in a grid, with the basic information for each item. Each item on this screen is a button which brings up the detailed item screen, which allows the users to edit the price, on hand and name, or delete the item if they need. On the main screen, we also have the add item button, which brings up a blank detailed item screen, allowing the user to add new items to the database. 

I had a lot to learn about Android’s SDK during the development of this project, so my methodology for designing this app was a bit messy. I had to kind of muddle through, trying to learn the different tools that Android SDK had for me, modifying my overall plan for the app along the way to make it function. To ensure that my app was working as intended, I kept the android emulator running during most of my actual code development, reinstalling and running the app as often as I could to be sure that everything was working as intended. 

I believe my biggest success in developing this app was efficiently integrating the UI design and the Java code. I initially had a really hard time trying to get the UI and the underlying code to cooperate, but after some tinkering, I was able to separate almost all of the functionality between the two to create as few points of failure as possible. This was also one of the biggest hurdles I had to face while trying to develop this app, and took a considerable amount of time to troubleshoot and program. 
